c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\bin\Debug\Fingerprint_test.dll
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\bin\Debug\Fingerprint_test.pdb
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Platform.dll
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.Fingerprint.dll
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\bin\Debug\Plugin.Fingerprint.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\bin\Debug\MvvmCross.Plugins.Fingerprint.pdb
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\bin\Debug\Plugin.Fingerprint.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\obj\Debug\Fingerprint_test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\obj\Debug\Fingerprint_test.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\obj\Debug\Fingerprint_test.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\obj\Debug\Fingerprint_test.SecretView.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\obj\Debug\Fingerprint_test.dll
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\obj\Debug\Fingerprint_test.pdb
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\obj\Debug\Fingerprint_test.dll.mdb
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\bin\Debug\Fingerprint_test.dll.mdb
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\obj\Debug\Fingerprint_test.dll.mdb
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\bin\Debug\Fingerprint_test.dll.mdb
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\obj\Debug\Fingerprint_test.dll.mdb
c:\users\slo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\Fingerprint_test\bin\Debug\Fingerprint_test.dll.mdb
